Chore: update the user guide with the given suggestions (#171)
AY1920S2-CS2103T-W12-4/main: docs/UserGuide.adoc

    * boil eggs
    * slice apples

> === Recipe Listing — `list`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Listing recipes — `list`
```
let's keep the naming conventions consistent for now. If we agree to phrase it differently later, then we'll open a new PR.

You can list all the existing recipes from *CookBuddy* using the `list` command.

Format: `list`

> === Recipe Finding — `find`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Finding recipes — `find`
```
let's keep the naming conventions consistent for now. If we agree to phrase it differently later, then we'll open a new PR.

You can find an existing recipe with a particular parameter from *CookBuddy* using the `find` command.

Format: `find [n/NAME [...]] [ing/INGREDIENT [...]]

[NOTE]
*CookBuddy* can find recipes from one parameter at a time.

==== Finding a recipe by name
You can find a recipe by its name by appending `n/NAME [...]` to a `find` command.

> Example: You can type `find n/sandwich` and *CookBuddy* will display the recipes named sandwich to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: You can type `find n/sandwich` and *CookBuddy* will display recipes that contain the word `sandwich` in their name.
```
the original phrasing is fine

==== Finding a recipe by ingredient
You can find a recipe by its ingredient by appending `[ing/INGREDIENT [...]]` to a `find` command.

Example: You can type `find ing/bread` and *CookBuddy* will display the recipes containing bread as an ingredient to you.

> === Recipe counting — `count`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Counting recipes — `count`
```
let's keep the naming conventions consistent for now. If we agree to phrase it differently later, then we'll open a new PR.

// Useful for users who wish to experiment with recipes while keeping a copy of the original.

=== Deleting all recipes - `reset`
You can remove all recipes stored in *CookBuddy* using the `reset`command.

Format: `reset`

> === Exiting the program - `exit`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Exiting *CookBuddy* - `exit`
```

You can exit from *CookBuddy* using the `exit` command.

Format: `exit`

== FAQ

> The following section answers some queries you might have regarding CookBuddy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following section answers some questions you might have regarding *CookBuddy*.
```
